epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 2036 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 1789 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 908 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 2500 3 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 1406 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 1108 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 356 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 639 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 598 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 414 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 903 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 497 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 358 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 576 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 647 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 753 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 702 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 634 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 536 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 546 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 923 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 645 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 515 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 1418 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 387 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 369 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 807 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 1354 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 1025 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 1068 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 710 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 933 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 1291 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 1314 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 1010 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 920 1 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 1299 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 1805 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 499 2 image2iscerchio
epoc1 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 510 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 623 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 758 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 652 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 956 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 465 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 726 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 539 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 258 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 439 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 464 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 487 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 754 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 587 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 522 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 1005 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 627 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 429 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 263 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 824 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 516 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 600 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 871 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 1501 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 923 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 479 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 788 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 853 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 633 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 454 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 583 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 335 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 874 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 307 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 592 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 670 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 437 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 1065 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 495 2 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 570 1 image2iscerchio
epoc2 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 463 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 397 2 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 683 2 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 503 2 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 536 2 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 615 2 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 812 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 1027 2 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 603 2 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 795 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 230 2 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 650 2 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 468 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 821 2 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 695 2 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 357 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 500 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 524 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 773 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 1161 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 690 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 467 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 580 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 295 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 597 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 459 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 723 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 515 2 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 1355 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 672 2 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 456 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 384 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 267 2 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 308 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 514 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 777 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 460 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 345 2 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 2 448 2 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 262 1 image2iscerchio
epoc3 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image1_rewarded7 image1isneutral1 1 351 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 728 2 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 809 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 486 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 279 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 641 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 484 2 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 323 2 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 623 2 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 440 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 768 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 525 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 615 2 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 377 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 252 2 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 449 2 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 952 2 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 697 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 883 2 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 357 2 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 507 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 895 2 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 622 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 319 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 1407 2 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 646 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 386 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 323 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 399 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 592 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 329 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 298 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 401 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 289 2 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 552 2 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 1467 2 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_dx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 1218 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 631 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 1 1001 2 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 686 1 image2iscerchio
epoc4 cerchio_sx forme neutral1_neutral2 image2_rewarded7 image2isneutral2 2 598 2 image2iscerchio
